---
layout: page
title: Codable Privacy Policy
share: true
---

# Privacy Policy

Effective date: March 10, 2019

Codable ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Codable mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

## Definitions

*   **Service**

    Service is the Codable mobile application operated by Codable

*   **Personal Data**

    Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

*   **Usage Data**

    Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

*   **Cookies**

    Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

## Information Collection and Use

The service collects no identifiable information beyond that which is provided by the App Store Connect usage statistics.

When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, or your mobile operating system.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

Codable update it's Privacy Policy from time to time. 

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

*   By email: jeremy@jeremycollins.net